docs: complete host config transition to cli reference (#726)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/deployment/hosts/labels.mdx

### Providing Labels at Start Time

> Users can supply an arbitrary number of additional labels using [host config](/docs/cli/wasmcloud) values. For example, `wash up -l foo=bar`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Users can supply an arbitrary number of additional labels using [host config](/docs/cli/wasmcloud) values. 

For example when starting a host via `wash`, use the `-l`/`--label` switch:

 ```console
 wash up -l foo=bar
 ```
````
